Menu conversation io now has a option npc_name_newline_separator (#1838)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Compatibility.md

  * `npc_name_type` - Type of NPC name display. Can be one of: 'none', 'chat'
  * `npc_name_align` - For npc name type of 'chat', how to align name. One of: 'left', 'right', 'center'
  * `npc_name_format` - How to format the npc name

>   * `npc_name_newline_separator` - Should an empty line inserted after the NPC name if there is space left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `npc_name_newline_separator` - Whether an empty line is inserted after the NPC's name if there is space leftover. 
```
